<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="about_this_test_epub">
  <title>About This Test EPUB</title>
  <body>
    <p>This is an EPUB test document. It includes many things designed to exercise various features
      of the DITA for Publishers EPUB transformation type.</p>
    <section id="section_il5_zdt_sv">
      <title>Font Embedding</title>
      <p>To test font embedding, specify the following runtime options:<parml>
          <plentry>
            <pt><parmname>epub.font.manifest</parmname></pt>
            <pd>Point it to to the <filepath>fonts/font-manifest.xml</filepath> file under the root
                <filepath>epub-test</filepath> directory. For OxygenXML you can do this as
                <codeph>${cfd}/fonts/font-manifest.xml</codeph>. This manifest points to the
                <filepath>AlexBrush-Regular.ttf</filepath> font in the <filepath>fonts</filepath>
              directory and indicates that it should be obfuscated.</pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt><parmname>epub.obfuscate.fonts</parmname></pt>
            <pd>Set to "true" to turn font obfuscation. Fonts will not be obfuscated unless this
              property is set to true. (This lets you generate EPUBs without obfuscated fonts even
              when the font manifest specifies obfuscated fonts.</pd>
          </plentry>
          <plentry>
            <pt><parmname>args.css</parmname></pt>
            <pd>Set to the <filepath>css/epub-test.css</filepath> under the root
                <filepath>epub-test</filepath> directory. For OxygenXML you can do
                <codeph>${cfd}/css/epub-test.css</codeph>. The CSS defines the AlexBrush-Regular.ttf
              font and uses it for h1, h2, and h3 elements. It also sets the color for those
              elements to teal so you can easily tell if the CSS is being applied.</pd>
          </plentry>
        </parml></p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
